Add support for creating links only for specific Docs framework (#9905)
handsontable/handsontable: docs/content/guides/accessories-and-menus/context-menu.md

- [Clipboard: Context menu](@/guides/cell-features/clipboard.md#context-menu)
- [Icon pack](@/guides/accessories-and-menus/icon-pack.md)
::: only-for javascript

> - [Custom context menu in React](@/react/guides/getting-started/introduction.md)

Reviewer: I'm guessing this link should point to this page?

```suggestion
- [Custom context menu in React](@/react/guides/accessories-and-menus/context-menu.md)
```

Author: Exactly! Thanks 👍
